Mention HTTP 303 See Other in redirects section (#35997)
vercel/next.js: docs/api-reference/next/server.md

The `redirect()` method uses a `307` by default, instead of a `302` temporary redirect, meaning your requests will _always_ be preserved as `POST` requests.

> If you want to cause a `GET` request in response a `POST` request, use [HTTP 303 See Other](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status/303)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to cause a `GET` response to a `POST` request, use `303`.

[Learn more](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Redirections) about HTTP Redirects.
```

Lets just link to the MDN document since this entire section is basically summarizing it.

Author: Thanks, works for me.
